README.md, before:

#### 1.  Setup Project
```
$ django-admin.py startproject mysite
```

Creates file structure:
```
mysite/
     manage.py
     mysite/
          __init__.py
          settings.py (db, 
          urls.py
          wsgi.py
```



##### Run server

The development server automatically reloads Python code for each request as needed. You don’t need to restart the server for code changes to take effect. However, some actions like adding files don’t trigger a restart, so you’ll have to restart the server in these cases.

```
$ python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8080
```

#### 2. Start an app 

```
$ python manage.py startapp polls 
```

Creates ‘mysite/polls’ file structure:
```
polls/
    __init__.py
    admin.py
    apps.py (Configuration for this 'polls' application)
    migrations/
        __init__.py
    models.py
    tests.py
    urls.py (Manually created this file, similar to routes.rb)
    views.py (similar to controllers/)
```

#### 3. Create models and migrations

```
$ python manage.py showmigrations
$ python manage.py makemigrations polls
$ python manage.py sqlmigrate polls 0001
$ python manage.py migrate (applies migrations to DB, of INSTALLED_APPS)
$ python manage.py migrate my_app migration_that_you_want_to_revert_to
```

#### 4. Play in the Shell

```
$ python manage.py shell
```

#### 5. Or play in the shell_plus with Django Extensions

```
$ pip install django-extensions (then add INSTALLED_APPS='django_extensions')  
$ python manage.py shell_plus

$ python manage.py runserver_plus
$ python manage.py show_urls
$ python manage.py validate_templates
$ python manage.py graph_models -a -o myapp_models.png
```

#### 6. Or install ipython and use shell with notebooks (for quickest reloading and saving)

```
$ python manage.py shell_plus --notebook
$ pip install ipython
$ pip install "ipython[notebook]"
```

Commit message:

Use the django admin to create a superuser, and make admin functionality very simple.

README.md, after:

#### 1.  Setup Project
```
$ django-admin.py startproject mysite
```

Creates file structure:
```
mysite/
     manage.py
     mysite/
          __init__.py
          settings.py (db, 
          urls.py
          wsgi.py
```



##### Run server

The development server automatically reloads Python code for each request as needed. You don’t need to restart the server for code changes to take effect. However, some actions like adding files don’t trigger a restart, so you’ll have to restart the server in these cases.

```
$ python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8080
```

#### 2. Start an app 

```
$ python manage.py startapp polls 
```

Creates ‘mysite/polls’ file structure:
```
polls/
    __init__.py
    admin.py
    apps.py (Configuration for this 'polls' application)
    migrations/
        __init__.py
    models.py
    tests.py
    urls.py (Manually created this file, similar to routes.rb)
    views.py (similar to controllers/)
```

#### 3. Create models and migrations

```
$ python manage.py showmigrations
$ python manage.py makemigrations polls
$ python manage.py sqlmigrate polls 0001
$ python manage.py migrate (applies migrations to DB, of INSTALLED_APPS)
$ python manage.py migrate my_app migration_that_you_want_to_revert_to
```

#### 4. (Good) Play in the Shell

```
$ python manage.py shell
```

#### 5. (Better) Or play in the shell_plus with Django Extensions

```
$ pip install django-extensions (then add INSTALLED_APPS='django_extensions')  
$ python manage.py shell_plus

$ python manage.py runserver_plus
$ python manage.py show_urls
$ python manage.py validate_templates
$ python manage.py graph_models -a -o myapp_models.png
```

#### 6. (Best) Or install ipython and use shell with notebooks (for quickest reloading and saving)

```
$ python manage.py shell_plus --notebook
$ pip install ipython
$ pip install "ipython[notebook]"
```

#### 7. Work in the Django admin

First we’ll need to create a user who can login to the admin site. Run the following command:
```
$ python manage.py createsuperuser
```
